I hate that one.
We run out of tape.
Oh, I know.
I carry the backup tape recorder.
If it's a good interview, you don't have time to think about that anymore.
Well, I carry, like with Coulter yesterday, I didn't have
We ended two hours, and I just clicked on the other tape recorder.
Yeah, yeah.
Instead of taking the time to, you know, be like Hunter with the... Yeah.
Extra guns, yeah.
People say, what's the trick?
I say, carry a lot of quarters, number two pencils, backup batteries.
Yeah, really.
So that'll print out, and that's in this other stuff.
Oh, this is everything here.
This is not a bad photograph, but... Yeah.
You want the wanted poster on that?
I got the wanted poster.
Uh...
That was pretty hilarious.
What about the stuff?
I think you and I are probably going to have to get together towards the end of the week if we can.
Maybe we could do this like this.
You leave your address with me.
I pass this stuff up.
I put it in UPS.
I'll know if you... I pay.
And I can send you a bill and you can have your publisher pay me for the cost.
I can pay you for the cost.
Here's my card.
And then you don't have to worry about it.
You'll get it all and you can just go through it.
Anything I should see today...
The only thing I was going to show you is this.
I don't really know that you'll need the teacher.
What's that lady, Dicciabola?
Oh, I just thought we get Dicci an award because she's basically just a sweetheart lady.
We gave her this award, and I haven't framed it yet.
We haven't given it to her formally.
It's the, what is it, the, well, it doesn't have a name, the award.
Oh, yeah, it's the Library of the Council Award.
He is Peter Grove, by 1997.
And that's actually signed by the Three Musketeers, Andrea and I believe Kathy Brenham.
So it's really the core group of my role.
This is a printout of what's in the book saw.
I'm just going to focus on this, because guess what?
It's on control.
Focusing on white.
Yeah, it's kind of hard.
I took it out of the class, but...
I focused on the pen and then just kept the... This is a printout of Woodson Brooks Hall.
This is 9,300 lines, 187 pages.
Each one of these lines represents a title.
Jesus.
It's just a title.
And some of these titles are like, a lot of these are the periodicals.
They'll have like Landscape Architecture Magazine that goes from, you know, this 1916 to 1980s.
That's one line.
Walter, what you're offering to do here is to give me all of your... Well, I don't really know that you need this, but you might want to... No, I don't.
You know, I don't want to burden you with this stuff.
This stuff you want, because this is clippings.
I only save this to do what you're doing.
And since you're doing it, and I never really intended to do it anyway, this is what it was for.
This is your stuff.
You collected this.
Because I really, I have, this is all just, it's an archive, and I don't look back at this.
Let me give you another card in case you lose that one.
I don't look back.
Right now we're working on culture, and culture will leave, and we're meeting with Minudri on the 30th.
And by the end of the year, the essence of the heavy lifting in this thing will be behind us.
And at that point, my job is done.
I said at the very beginning of this thing, once Brooks Hall is safe, the collections in Brooks Hall are safe, I'm finished.
That's why I got into this, to save the books in Brooks Hall.
Everything else was just the means to get there.
I have my own 800 number.
Okay.
Yeah, I used to have one.
And they'll ask you for the PIN number, which is 92.
Okay, 92.
Okay.
So, at that point, you know, come Christmas or early next year sometime, I'll be done with this.
And, you know, I'm on this other thing.
I've got projects up my butt, but I've got to get back to it.
So, do you consider your efforts in vain?
Oh, no.
I think it's been fairly successful.
We don't want every battle.
Success measured by what, though?
Well, we set out to do some things that are very specific.
We did those things.
And I think that the democracy of the public library is coming back to the library.
There seems to be a... You know, there's... Well, you know, they always said... They always said the San Francisco... You know, they always said, when they were promoting the new Maine, Stephen Coulter is the one I believe that said it, this is the last bastion of democracy.
And yet, when I got involved with this in June, there was no democracy.
Librarians will tell you there hasn't been any democracy for years.
And I think with this demonstration... Sheffield will tell you there hasn't been any democracy for three generations.
I think what this demonstrates is that civilian oversight... Yeah, it can have consequences.
It can have consequences.
Yeah, yeah.
Well, it's like James said... Would you say something like that?
No, I would say that, like James said the other day, and I'll just kind of paraphrase him, he said, you know, it's enough to give you some faith in humanity, you know, to know that the citizens still can pack a punch, you know, and be represented.
You know, we were up against the government and the media when we started.
And the media.
So the media kind of has demonstrated by the tape, and you're going to let me leave with that tape, too?
Yeah, that's yours.
Or do you want to ship it?
No, no, you take it, and then... That I can copy.
That you can copy and send it back to me.
You know, other stuff I don't care about.
This is me on TV.
I've got to have a copy of it.
Do you have a little thing to put it in?
Yeah.
Like that.
Let me write on it what it is.
Do you want to write on it what it is?
I'll do it.
How about right here?
Do you mind?
No, fine.
You know, you have to realize I have so many collections.
I have a garage full of collections.
I've got like four or five.
I'm working on a project out at Berkeley where we're archiving 400,000 San Francisco blueprints going back to 1907.
That's a lifetime.
So this for me is, you know, is kind of, I'm trying to find some closure here.
And maybe Ash, I could kind of phone in the plane.
Yeah, right.
No, yeah, exactly.
You might be getting dumped with everything that I have.
Let me also say this is not a whole book.
This is a chapter in a book.
But being in archives myself, I love people dumping on me, you know, when they give me boxes full of stuff.
But you have to understand this is going to be a chapter in a book, maybe 20,000 words.
And it's also going to be an opportunity to discuss...
I like the case study approach, but also I like to go off and talk about, you know, the big picture.
I imagine he'll write some articles based on this research.
I hope so, yeah.
I'm doing a piece now for Civilization, which is a great magazine.
Yeah, it is.
Murray Sendak, and who's going to be in this new book.
Is that the Wilson Center's publication?
No, it's kind of Elsie, but they don't, you know, it's kind of... That's right.
Right, right, right.
Yeah, actually, I used to, you know, who runs the L.C.
now?
James Billington.
Billington.
I used to work for Billington.
Oh, I've interviewed him for this book.
Is that right?
I've interviewed Billington, Barton Grigori, and Paul LeClerc at the public library.
Yeah, Billington, I used to work for him at the Wilson Center.
I used to record a lot of it.
An interesting man.
I sat through five, six years of listening to the Trilateral Commission plan that
They're overthrowing the world for breakfast.
It was a breakfast talk.
I always said it was sort of the defining power breakfast.
What was in here that you outlined for me?
I just wanted to show you one mention in here.
And I have one.
And Nick mentions it in his New Yorker.
Yeah, I figured.
I just thought that was fun.
This is from the, I have all these work reports, and you don't need these, so I'm going to keep these.
But these were the monthly construction reports that they did when they built the new main.
And in December of 95, which is four months before it opened, and they just started to seriously move collections into the new building.
Do they say this here?
Yeah.
You don't think I need that?
Yeah, you do need this.
This you need anyway.
So you are going to send me that.
I'll photocopy it right now.
It's in Nick Baker's New York.
All you need is a quote.
It's one quote.
Library staff continued to map the collections into the new building.
Mappers made several visits into the building to measure and confirm shelving.
This is from Kathy Page.
and confirm shelving information on the plans.
And this is the kicker.
Several surprises and errors were discovered that are proceeding to be solved or mitigated.
That should make me agree after that.
And that, you know, that mitigated with the copy of the cover page.
Yeah, sure.
Mitigated is, that's an ugly word.
The resolve I can deal with.
The mitigated man was about to, you know, turn you off.
Nick, I sent that to Nick, and I also do,
How far am I assuming there's no traffic?
How long should it take me to get to Berkeley from here?
I should leave right now if I'm doing 1230.
I'm keeping Friday open totally for emergencies.
I'm okay Friday.
And what I'd like to do is, I mean, you know, if they're going to let us, you know, our message be the only message, then, you know, because it's a staying on message thing.
That was, you know, the work, probably the reading, you know, Kerwin probably went on and on about this.
Where are the books?
Where is the money?
We're still after answers on those questions.
Okay.
Listen, how do I get on to, how do you get to the freeway?
Yeah.
Okay.